Copyright for portions of project Mainroom are held by Waleed Ahmad, 2020, as
part of project node-stream (https://github.com/waleedahmad/node-stream). All
other copyright for project Mainroom are held by Dylan Rodgers, 2020.

==============================================================================

Mainroom License:

Copyright (c) 2020 Dylan Rodgers

Mainroom is licensed under the Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License (CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0)

See https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/legalcode or for the
human readable summary: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/

You are free to:

Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license
terms.

Under the following terms:

Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license,
and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but
not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.

ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must
distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.

No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological
measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

Notices:

You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the
public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or
limitation.

No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions
necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity,
privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.

==============================================================================

node-stream License:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 Waleed Ahmad

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
